Welcome to the Final Fronter! You have just arrived at the Aurelian Reach, a region of space far away, in the Andromeda Galaxy. What happens now, is completely up to you. Feel free to socialize with the crew of Aurelia Station and maybe get your first job in your new home. Or maybe you are more interested in joining one of the other factions, the choice is yours. You can even start your very own faction or corporation and work towards your own goals. It is up to you. Either way, you are stranded far away from home, with the opportunity, to start a new life in a unique and unexplored region of space.

Please note, that this is an HRP+ server in a persistent universe. That means, that we have high expectations regarding your roleplay. In addition, all actions and everything else, is carring over. So be careful what you do! Think twice about what you say and who you become friends with or who you make your enemy. Please make sure you understand the server rules (F1) and if you have any questions, consult this guide, your colleagues on shift in person, over radio or via Discord. You can also ask admins for help (ahelp) by hitting the escape key > admin help and typing a message to any online admins. Ahelp should be reserved for serious issues, bugs or if you see someone breaking the rules. For ingame related and less serious issues and requests, you should follow the chain of command and use in-game means such as the fax, to contact Central Command (admins).

To reiterate, this is a HRP+ server. You can play a single character and what you do with it, is up to you. Whether you get employed by Nanotrasen, work as a civilian or make your money as an independent contractor, is all up to you. Just keep in mind, that whatever you do, has to make sense, reprensent your character and might have consequences. The server is persistent. Your actions won't be magically forgotten after each shift and your reputation will not magically reset. Think twice, before you say or do something!

Please note, that there are no antags and no fun jobs, such as Mime or Clown per sé. That doesn't mean, that your character cannot be or become a criminal. It just means, that the choice is yours, who, what and how you play. Just be prepared to face the consequences. If you do something illegal and do get caught, you might end up in jail... for some days, months, years or even permanently!

Note, that you cannot attack or harm anybody, including yourself by default. If you wish to attack someone, you need to enable combat mode. This means, that accidental attacks should be mostly prevented, as the cursor changes, when combat mode is enabled, to make you aware of it. So don't try to attack someone and claim it was an accident. It won't work! Check controls below to find out which key activates combat mode (1 by default). You can't attack anybody, when not in attck / harm mode, so no more hitting yourself or others with your own crowbar.
